Five hundred kilometres <mark style="background: #FF5582A6;">over</mark> Europe, Ship OM-45 <mark style="background: #FF5582A6;">moved north</mark>. In a room <mark style="background: #ADCCFFA6;">at the back of</mark> the ship, Kiah watched the numbers on the computer in front of him.

‘Time for dinner,' Rilla said.
The numbers changed quickly and Kiah's eyes didn't move. Rilla <mark style="background: #FFF3A3A6;">went</mark> <mark style="background: #CACFD9A6;">across the room</mark> <mark style="background: #FFF3A3A6;">to</mark> his table. She began to watch the numbers, too.

'What't wrong with the <mark style="background: #FFB86CA6;">satellite</mark>?' she asked. She was a beautiful girl, about twenty years old, with long black hair and big eyes.

'Nothing's wrong with the satellite,' Kiah answered quietly. 'It's the AOL.' He began to write the numbers in the book on his table.

Suddenly, the numbers stopped changing. Kiah looked at Rilla. 'Over Europe,' he said. 'It's happening. The AOL is breaking up. There are big holes in the AOL and they're getting bigger.'

'You're right! Shall we see Captain Seru now, before dinner?'

Kiah stood up. He was nearly two meters tall, with dark eyes and hair. 'Yes, come on,' he said.

Quickly, they went to Captain Seru's room. They waited at the door.

'Come in!' captain Seru called. She was a little woman with a fat face. 'Come in! Would you like a drink?'

'No, thank you,' Kiah answered. 'I'd like you to look at these numbers.' Kiah gave Captain Seru his book.

Captain Seru looked at the numbers. Suddenly, her face changed. 'No, no' she said. 'I don't want to talk. It's late and I'm tired. Sit down and have a drink.'

Kiah and Rilla sat down. There was a big window in Captain Seru's room. Kiah looked out of the window at the dark sky. He saw the Moon. It was cold and white in the dark sky.

'Captain Seru,' he began. 'It's important. Look at those numbers carefully. The AOL is beginning to -'

'Stop!' captain Seru stood up and put her hands in her pockets. She went to the window and looked at the sky.

'Three hundred years ago, Earth nearly died,'Rilla said. 'Earth stopped dying because of the AOL. But now, over Europe, the AOL is breaking up. We would like you to talk to Earth Commander.'

Captain Seru did not move. 'Do you remember Adai?' she asked. She didn't wait for an answer. 'I was on his ship, two years ago. One evening, the satellite gave us interesting numbers about the AOL. We
 went back to Earth and saw Earth Commander.' captain Seru stopped speaking.


Rilla looked at Kiah. 'And then?' she asked Captain Seru.
'Gog was angry, very angry,' captain Seru said. 'In the end, he sent Adai to the Moon. Adai's there now, Commander of the Moon colony, under the Moon.'

Kiah waited for a second or two. 'I know about Adai. But we need to talk to Earth Commander again. These numbers are worse.'

Captain Seru's face went red. 'You don't understand. I'm not going to talk to Gog. Last time, he sent me to a weather ship in the Antarctic! This is my first Ship for two years!' And Captain Seru began drinking.