# 1 chapter
<mark style="background: #FFB8EBA6;">The Clarkson family</mark> lived <mark style="background: #FFB8EBA6;">in the country near Cambridge</mark>, about half a mile from the nearest village and about a mile from the river.

lived是谓语，是一个主谓+地点状语的结构，near 是介词，near Cambridge做后置定语修饰country（乡下、国家），about前面有省略it is

They had a big，old house <mark style="background: #FFB8EBA6;">with a beautiful garden，a lot of flowers and many old trees.</mark>

with后面是介词短语做后置定语，翻译为有，介词短语长，是因为这里有三个介词宾语并列

One Thursday morning in July, Jackie came in from the garden. She was a tall, fat woman, thirty years old. It was the hottest day of the year, but she wore a warm brown skirt and yellow shirt. She went into the kitchen to get a drink of water.

a drink of = a cup of 

Just then the phone rang. 'Cambridge 1379', Jackie said. 'Hello. This is Diane. I want to talk to Mother.'
'Mother isn't here', 'Jackie said.' <mark style="background: #ABF7F7A6;">She's at the doctor's</mark>'
'Why? What's wrong?'

Just then 就在那个时候

'Nothing is wrong,' Jackie said. 'Why are you telephoning? You are going to come this weekend? Mother wants everyone to be here.'

everyone 是代词， to be here是做宾补

’Yes, I want to come, ’Diane said. 'I'm phoning because I have no money for the train ticket.'

I want to come. 主谓宾结构, for the train ticket是做定语用的， 修饰money

‘No money! Mother is always giving you money!’

‘This phone call is very expensive，’Diane said coldly. 'Tell mother please. I need the money.'

phone call 当成复合名词，the money特指买车票的钱  

Jackie put the phone down. She took a cigarette from her bag and began to smoke.

down是宾补，put需要加宾补
from her bag 介词短语做状语
and 后面是并列省略了主语

She felt angry beacuse her sister always asked for money. Diane was twenty years old, the youngest in the family. She lived in London, in one room of a big house.

beacuse 引导原因状语从句 

She wanted to be a singer. She sang very well but she could never get work.

Jackie went back into the kitchen and began to make some sandwiches. Just then the back door opened, and her mother came in.


'It's very hot!' Molly said. She took off her hat and put it down on the table. She was a tall, dark woman with beautiful eyes.


Two big, black dogs came into the kitchen after her and ran across to her. She sat down and put her hands on their heads.

Jackie put the sandwiches on the table. 'Mother,' she said, 'Diane phoned. She wants money for her train ticket.'

Molly closed her eyes for a minute. Then she stood up. 'This afternoon I want you to get the house ready for the weekend,' she said. 'Oh, and please go to the village later and get my tablets'

tablet 药片

'Yes, Mother,' Jackie said.
Molly went to the door.
'Mother, please wait a minute,' Jackie said.'Peter Hobbs came here this morning. He's very angry with you about that letter. He lost his job, you know. Why did you write to his office? He wants to talk to you about it.'

'Well, I don't want to talk to him,'Molly said. She opened the door.

'But Mother, you dont't undersatand. He's seventeen, and it was his first job. He's very,very angry. He says...he says he's going to kill you!'

Molly did not answer. She went out of the room and closed the door.


# 2 Chapter
It was seven o'clock on Saturday evening. Jackie stood at the window. A car drove slowly up to the front door and stopped. A tall man with white hair got out, It was Albert, the husband of Molly's sister.

'Here's Uncle Albert,' Jackie said. 'Always late.'
She went out of the room and opened the front door. Albert came in and went at once to Molly.

'Oh, dear. I'm very late. I am sorry. 'Albert said. 'Fifty years old today!What a wonderful dress!'

Molly did not smile. 'Thank you, Albert. We're all getting older. 'Tonight she wore a long black dress, and the two blcak dogs sat at her feet.'Everyone is here now. Let's go in to dinner,'she said.

Everyone stood up and went to the table.
'The table looks nice, Jackie. What wonderful flowers!' Diane said. She was a beautiful girl, with long black hair and dark blue eyes. She wore a long red dress. 

Albert sat down next to Roger. Roger was Molly's son, her second child. He lived in Cambridge, in an expensive house.

'Someone called Peter stopped me down the road,'Albert said. 'Who is he? He's very angry with you, Molly.'

'That's Peter Hobbs, from the house across the road,'Jackie said quickly. She looked across the table at Molly. 'He lost his job last week and he's angry with everyone.'

'It's Molly he doesn't like,'Albert said.

Molly said nothing. Everyone began to eat.

'How is Aunt Annie?'Jackie asked.
'She's much worse now,'Albert said. 'She stays in bed all the time. She needs a nurse twenty-four hours a day.'

'I am sorry,'Molly said. Albert stopped eating and looked at Molly. 'It's very difficult and very expensive, you know. Annie feels very unhappy because you don't visit her, Molly. She loves you very much. You are her little sister; you know.'

Molly closed her eyes for a minute.'I know that, Albert. I am fifty years old, but I am always her "little" sister. Well, we can talk about it later.'

Albert laughed. 'Oh yes, we can talk later. It's
always later with you, Molly. Always tomorrow. Never today.'

Jackie watched her mother. Her mother was angry with Albert. Molly never liked talking about her sister Annie and she did not like visiting her because she was very ill.

'That's a beautiful dress, Diane. Is it new?'Jackie asked.

'Thank you, Jackie. Yes, it's new, and very expensive. I got it <mark style="background: #FFB8EBA6;">on Wednesday</mark>, 'Diane said. She smiled at Jackie.

'<mark style="background: #FFB8EBA6;">All your things</mark> are expensive,'Jackie said.

She remembered the phone call <mark style="background: #FFB8EBA6;">on Thursday about the train ticket</mark>.

'I don't like chap things,'Diane said. 'And I'm going to need more money soon. I want to go to America. Can you help me, Roger?'

'Oh no,'Roger said. 'Nobody wants to help you, Diane. You don't like working, we all know that, but we all want you to get a job.'

Diane laughed. 'It doesn't matter, Roger. I don't need your help. Mother always helps me. Mother loves me best. 'She suddenly smiled, a quick, beautiful smile. But her eyes were cold.

Jackie looked at her mother. Molly's face was white. Jackie did not understand. Was her mother afraid of Diane? Jackie wanted her mother to be happy today.

'Would you like some more meat, Uncle Albert?'Jackie asked. 'Roger, can you give everyone some more to drink?' 

some是不定代词，to drink 后置定语修饰some

Roger got up and began <mark style="background: #FFB8EBA6;">to give more wine to everyone.</mark>

This is good wine, he said.

Molly smiled <mark style="background: #FFB8EBA6;">for the first time.</mark> 做状语

'Yes, your father loved this wine. He often drank it.'

'Yes, 'Albert said, and looked at Molly. 'Expensive, too.'

'Would you like to meet Mr Briggs this weekend, Roger? Jackie asked quickly. 'He's the new man at the farm. He wants to meet you.'


# 3 chapter
Early next morning the house was quiet. Suddenly there was a cry from the room next to Roger's, his mother's room. 

Roger opened his eyes and looked at the clock. It was nearly seven o'clock.

He <mark style="background: #FFB8EBA6;">got out of bed</mark> and opened the door quietly.
At the same time the door of his mother's room opened and Diane came out. Her face was very white.

'Roger! It's Mother! I brought a cup of coffee for her and I found her dead. She's dead...dead in her bed,'she cried.

Roger went quickly to the door of his mother's room and looked in.

The window was open but the room was warm.
Molly was on the bed, one hand under her head.
Roger went across to the bed and put his hand on her arm.It was cold. On the little table next to he bed was a hot cup of coffee and an empty cup.

'I'm going to call the doctor,'Diane said.
'She's dead, 'Roger said slowly. His face, too, was white.'Mohter is dead!'

Diane walked across the room to the door. 'I'm going to phone the doctor,'she said again.

'Wait a minute!' Roger called. 'Let's tell the famlily first.'
'Family! Nobody loved Mother!'Diane went out and ran downstairs.

Roger slowly went downstairs after her and stood by the telephone.

'Dr Pratt, this is Diane Clarkson. It's my mother--she's dead. Can you come quickly?'

Diane put the phone down. 'It isn't true, Roger! Mother dead! Daddy died last winter, and now Mother. 'Diane began to cry.

'Don't cry, Diane,'Roger said. 'Let's go upstairs and tell Uncle Albert and Jackie.'





